Write an algorithmic trading app for stocks and stock options 

with SQL relational database and a web based user interface supporting multiple internal users with different roles and permissions 

Create whatever tables of data as needed, but be sure to include the following…

Table for global environment variables (perhaps here or elsewhere set a variable for paper trading or live trading for what broker and account. See references below for additional values to be set.)

Table for brokerage info including login credentials, trading fees, day trade restrictions. Begin with RobinHood and alpaca

Table identifying different accounts at each brokerage, name, type, total balance, cash balance

Table for stock demographics including symbol, name, sector, industry, market cap - initially populated only with data for stocks in the S&P 500 that have actively traded options available. Include an indexed smallint column called PRIORITY.  After populating the stock price history table and just before the next trading session, set priority equal 1 if the closing price is greater than one standard deviation above or below the 20 day moving average, and the closing price is above or below the moving average by more than x% (percentage Target found in the environment table). Set priority to 0 for all others except the following sector ETF index funds to be included in the demographics table with a priority constantly equal 9 
Sector Name, Ticker Symbol
Energy XLE
Materials XLB
Industrials XLI
Consumer Discretionary XLY
Consumer Staples XLP
Healthcare XLV
Financials XLF
Information Technology XLK
Communication Services XLC
Utilities XLU
Real Estate XLRE


Table for stock price history (populate during off hours just after the last trading session for past 90 days), preferably sending all ticker symbols and retrieving all price information from the broker in a single call rather than a separate call for each ticker symbol. Then calculate and populate into the same table common technical indicators, especially the following support for binary options: Wilder’s directional movement indicators, pivot points, 14 day commodity channel index, and 20 day Bollinger bands using 2 standard deviations.

Table for Priority Archive price to which we move all records from the priority current price table at the end of each day, and purge all older than x days (set in environment table)

Table for Priority Current price populated with each stock ticker where priority greater than zero. record ticker symbol (Index) , datetime (I dex), price at open, then new record every x seconds (from environment variables) along with percent change from previous price.

Table for orders showing asset, action quantity, bid, ask, limit, timedate, etc

Table for transaction log showing order ID,  asset, timedate, quantity, price, LIFO gain\(loss)
    
Support different broker APIs in separate modules (start with RobinHood and alpaca) such that if the general program decides to sell an asset, a generic call to sell can be routed to the specific sell function for the API of the active broker per the environment variables.

Evaluate the priority current price table. If no order exists for this ticker, and x periods (set in environment variables) have passed, and price has moved a greater percentage in the same direction each period then place a purchase order with less than x% (set in environment variables) of the available cash (rounded down). If all x periods exceed 2 standard deviations moving away from the moving average or all x periods are moving towards the moving average, then buy options (expiring the next Friday beyond today at the next strike price in the direction that the price is moving and that is being actively traded and The purchase represents no more than x% (set in environment variables) of the current volume of  options being traded). 

If the price is rising, buy call options
If the price is falling, buy put options

If we already own options, continue to monitor the current price every x seconds. When two periods have passed where the price change has been slowing down, or a period has passed where the price has not changed or has reversed, sell the options if we meet the requirements for day trading, else purchase an offsetting call or put option to lock in our current gain, selling whichever option is losing money at the next days opening, and later selling the other option when it stops gaining.

With each sale \ (purchase), 
add to \ (subtract from) the brokerage account cash balance 
Also, add each gain and subtract each loss from the total account balance 



Robinhood 
Alpaca
Surmount
Tradestation
Fidelity 
Schwab


As major indices show a strong upward price trend, give more emphasis to call options.
As stock prices make new highs or bounce up from levels of support, purchase call options, but only if the next level of expected resistance represents at least a 5% price increase in the call option.
As price increases slow, stop or reverse to back test previous support levels, sell the call options, preferably as prices are still slowly increasing.
If necessary to avoid day trading, lock in the current gains by purchasing an offsetting put option, then probably sell both the next day. (Immediately sell the one losing money, then later the one gaining money)

As major indices show a strong downward price trend, give more emphasis to put options.
Do the opposite for put options than what is described above for call options, but hold put options for a shorter time than we would for a call option.




The Most Important Technical Indicators for Binary Options https://share.google/4zpXc8HUsY9JK1HRN

Wilder's DMI (ADX)
Wilder's directional movement indicators and average directional index (DI) are composed of three lines, namely ADX, DI+, and DI-,

Pivot points are a technical analysis tool used by traders to determine potential support and resistance levels, that is, levels at which the price of an asset is likely to move upward or downward. They are calculated using the average of the high, low, and closing prices from earlier trading sessions.


Commodity Channel Index (CCI)
High values above +100 indicate the start of a solid upward trend. Values below the -100 line indicate the beginning of a strong downward trend
CCI= (Price−MA) / (0.015×D)
where:
Price=asset’s current price
MA=moving average of asset’s price
D=normal deviation from moving average
should be used with additional indicators such as oscillators.

look for divergence between the CCI and price movement, which indicates potential reversals. If the price is making new highs but the CCI fails to surpass its previous highs, it could indicate a lack of momentum and a possible reversal.look for divergence between the CCI and price movement, which indicates potential reversals. If the price is making new highs but the CCI fails to surpass its previous highs, it could indicate a lack of momentum and a possible reversal.


Stochastic Oscillator
The crossover of %K and %D below indicates trade entry signals. Although a 14-day period is standard, binary option traders can use the time frames they need.

%K=100( (C-L14) / (H14−L14) )
%D=3 period moving average of %K
where:
C=most recent closing price
L14=low of 14 previous trading sessions
H14=highest price traded during same 14-day period
Levels above 80 indicate the assets are overbought, while those below 20 indicate they are oversold.



